[SPARK-37950][SQL] Take EXTERNAL as a reserved table property (#35268)
apache/spark: docs/sql-migration-guide.md

  - Since Spark 3.3, DESCRIBE FUNCTION fails if the function does not exist. In Spark 3.2 or earlier, DESCRIBE FUNCTION can still run and print "Function: func_name not found".

>   - Since Spark 3.3, the property `external` become reserved for table; commands fail if you specify `external` property in places like `CREATE TABLE ... TBLPROPERTIES` and `ALTER TABLE ... SET TBLPROPERTIES`. You can set `spark.sql.legacy.notReserveProperties` to `true` to ignore the `ParseException`, in this case, `external` will be silently removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Since Spark 3.3, the table property `external` becomes reserved. Certain commands will fail if you specify the `external` property, such as `CREATE TABLE ... TBLPROPERTIES` and `ALTER TABLE ... SET TBLPROPERTIES`. In Spark 3.2 and earlier, the table property `external` is silently ignored. You can set `spark.sql.legacy.notReserveProperties` to `true` to restore the old behavior.
```
